if it looks like I just came back from
the gym that's pretty accurate because I
did I learned a life lesson at the gym
what life lesson could you possibly
learn at the gym and no it's not like
one of those sanitize your hands always
have to use the equipment because if you
touch your eye you get pink eye it's not
one of those life lessons it's one of
those life lessons that really just
makes you go okay okay so while i was at
the gym I you know went in there with
one goal in mind gotta work on these
legs start running don't REM I'll got my
headphones in listening to some dubstep
to get me going I look up and I see the
most beautiful man actually he was the
man he was more of a man-child let's
just call him Frank and he is looking
back at me is doing my thing Frank and I
shared a moment at the gym and so since
our moment we like played this game of
like who's gonna say hi to who first I
was walking route through out the gym
Frank was faithfully following me I know
what you're thinking janina how could he
be following you like how do you know
for sure are you sure he didn't just
like happen to be going to the same
equipment that you wanted to blah blah
blah blah and yes I'm sure because I
entered a part of the gym which Frank
was clearly unfamiliar with he went over
to a piece of equipment in which he
proceeded to do the typical oh yes this
uh this gold machine I'm just gonna you
know get right on well this is probably
too high for my arms and uh oh the
adjuster thing right right uh this one
hmm it's not okay I'm you know I'm just
gonna use the other machine come on as
we went through this thing our workout
patterns got so thrown off because we
were trying to like oh I'm over here now
I'm over here
check about no big deal I know when's is
life lesson coming in it made me think
that in life in life in life you have
goals you have certain things that you
want to do with your life and there are
people or just someone you're really
attached to who's kind of get in the way
of that um moreso boyfriends and
girlfriends than regular friends say
that you planning to go to school out of
state and you meet someone and you begin
to fall really hard for them to come
really attach them they become a part of
your life they don't want to go to
school out of state maybe they aren't
going to school maybe they're gonna go
to Community College maybe they're still
in high school I give you a whole broad
range of thing because you become so
attached this person to let your own
goals fall to not go to that school that
you really wanted to go to that was out
of state just because you want to be
closer to this person it happens all too
much with people in general in life you
can't really you can't roll over for
people you don't know are really going
to be there your entire life if you're
not certain of it I know some people
might say I'm certainly he's the one or
she's the one gonna be so great but I
can't leave or else we're gonna break up
let me tell you something
take it to heart if this person is the
one and you're sure of it because if you
are I promise you you can do whatever
you want go to China if they really are
the one they will find a way to be with
you it might go with you they they will
stay with you throughout it if they're
really the one that you're going to end
up with for the rest your life unless
you're married to the person or about to
be are very very seriously committed to
them I wouldn't shape your life around
them up now I'm not saying that I want
to marry Frank and how does this all tie
in sold myself short with the workout I
didn't get in a full workout all because
I'm this little game with Frank if you
really attached to someone and you're
kind of changing who you are and doing
different things to fit them to make
yourself seem perfect for them then
you're dripping yourself out of a real
relationship and of a really good like
kind of selling yourself short that's
not cool especially in a relationship
you do you want to be yourself if you're
convincing yourself that this person is
the one doing all these things to make
it seem like you fit them right it's not
going to work out because that's not you
eventually your true self will shine
through and if they don't like that then
it's not gonna work so I guess the moral
of this story is just do you always I
don't care how gorgeous Frank is if
you're gonna run on that treadmill for
an hour and a half do it stick to your
goals Frank and do what you want to do
that was just a little rant and i hope
to be doing more of these sued because I
messed up
they helped me get stuff off my chest
Plato's granola I'll talk to you guys
later was nice of you to let me rant for
this long no maybe we'll meet again or
you can just keep replaying this video
and you can meet me as many times as you
want to